faq(serverless-functions): add supported runtimes (#802)
scaleway/docs-content: faq/serverless-functions.mdx

## What are the limitations of Serverless Functions?

Refer to our dedicated page about [Serverless Functions limitations and configuration restrictions](/compute/functions/reference-content/functions-limitations/) for more information.

## What runtimes are available on Serverless Functions?

> Serverless Functions enables you to deploy function developped using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serverless Functions enables you to deploy functions developed using the following languages:
```
